Document VTTRegion instance properties (#44494)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/vttregion/id/index.md

---
title: "VTTRegion: id property"
short-title: id
slug: Web/API/VTTRegion/id
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.VTTRegion.id
---

{{APIRef("WebVTT")}}

The **`id`** property of the {{domxref("VTTRegion")}} interface is a string that identifies the region.

## Value

> A string that identifies the region, or an empty string if none is set.

Reviewer: Maybe use a form along the lines of 

```suggestion
A string that identifies the region. Initialized to an empty string when the `VTTRegion` object is first constructed.
```

?

Just to clarify that the empty string is the initial value?

If you like this, follow the pattern on the other property pages too.

## Examples

> In the following example a new {{domxref("VTTRegion")}} is created, then the value of `id` is set to `"region1"`. The value is then printed to the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, a new {{domxref("VTTRegion")}} is created, then the value of `id` is set to `"region1"`. The value is then printed to the console.
```
